#add list: please add word and importance: 1-3(1 is most important), please separate by tab
#example: add	diaper 1
#example: remove	diaper
#modify list: add word you want to modify the importance(please indicate new importance level), please separate by tab
#exapmle modify	diaper	2
remove	pantyhose
remove	test

remove	
remove	gown
remove	bottom
remove	bakeware set
remove	better builders
remove	glitter glue tube
remove	gwipe
remove	bongo
remove	bulb syringe
remove	camera set
remove	gup cleaning station
remove	bin set
remove	booster chair
remove	baby locator
remove	ball set
remove	licktoad
remove	groomer set
remove	car seat + car seat base
remove	balloon kit
remove	cafe latte
remove	bbq grill
remove	gourmet pack
remove	geometric stacker
remove	bike hoist
remove	babywear set
remove	bust
remove	bug
remove	battery booster
remove	bendastix kit
remove	bike
remove	batting aid
remove	glow stick
remove	bath combo
remove	blind cord
remove	bottle tree
remove	ballet tight
remove	cerberus
remove	candy box
remove	blnkt
remove	lil' snoopy
remove	candy stick
remove	bath letter
remove	bath seat
remove	backyard dart
remove	burper and bauble
remove	booster kit
remove	germinator
remove	bed sheet
remove	lcd
remove	bottle organizer
remove	bandage
remove	charge station
remove	bleach
remove	bead
remove	babypote
remove	bedroom collection
remove	baby harness
remove	bike bag
remove	bank
remove	gel
remove	battle spider
remove	bench organizer
remove	lazer blast
remove	blaze wing cycle
remove	bracelet
remove	candy
remove	bust bank
remove	bike storage
remove	baby bed
remove	harness
remove	bath scrub
remove	learning block
remove	lifetime crib
remove	bamboo
remove	glycerin suppositories
remove	baseball mezuzah
remove	bottle sling
remove	gas grill
remove	backtrack
remove	breastfeeding starter kit
remove	bathful baby kit
remove	gas relief drops
remove	led tvs
remove	googalops
remove	blacklight
remove	brewing system
remove	bracelet set
remove	canteen
remove	butterfly diary
remove	cake stand
remove	blemish set
remove	bowlercade
remove	bed skirt
remove	lincoln log
remove	bilingual toy
remove	garage
remove	bounce castle
remove	baby powder chime
remove	label
remove	breastfeeding companion
remove	bollard cover
remove	gift tower
remove	gift play set
remove	bloomhouse
remove	gate adaptor
remove	bottle handle
remove	bathtable
remove	broom
remove	baby set
remove	changing marker
remove	boogie pack vehicle
remove	cake lifter
remove	gourmet feeder
remove	burn dressing
remove	lil fishy fish
remove	base
remove	baseball
remove	lego city
remove	ball ornament
remove	bedding start-up set
remove	basic brick
remove	breastfeeding care kit
remove	binocular
remove	bubble rocket
remove	barrette
remove	booby tube
remove	bowling zombie
remove	lens filter
remove	beauty set
remove	led kit
remove	bag tiss
remove	led ball
remove	hair clip
remove	gift package
remove	breast pump adaptor
remove	bite relief
remove	led fish
remove	camcorder
remove	baby tin
remove	bison
remove	laser disc
remove	gwipes
remove	beauty supply set
remove	laundry pod
remove	lego creator
remove	bouncy seat
remove	camera dock
remove	guard post
remove	laundry detergent pod
remove	batgirl box
remove	lacrosse stick
remove	marker
remove	ball blaster set
remove	breast therapy
remove	charging station
remove	birdhouse
remove	belt
remove	bolster
remove	bird tower
remove	baby bottle caddy
remove	beauty kit
remove	lego
remove	barbie electronic
remove	band in a bucket
remove	bath number
remove	bottlewarmer
remove	basket filler
remove	balance board
remove	baby wipe
remove	grill basket
remove	barbecue set
remove	charge and chart bundle
remove	baby sling
remove	ballcap
remove	lap pad
remove	car charger
remove	butternut squash
remove	glider slip cover
remove	ball cap
remove	baking cup
remove	car wash
remove	beach umbrella
remove	catching net
remove	bibset
remove	girl box
remove	bath vanity
remove	bottle liner
remove	ladderback chair
remove	bull
remove	bulb
remove	backsack
remove	aviator bear
remove	candy bar
remove	glitter glue set
remove	bald eagle
remove	broom and dust pan
remove	brsuise relief
remove	bubble gum
remove	launcher
remove	belly balm
remove	baking mat
remove	blade
remove	board
remove	breast shell
remove	bootie set
remove	booster set
remove	bag
remove	blu-ray
remove	cake
remove	bathtub
remove	giftset
remove	bedskirt
remove	groom kit
remove	beans refill
remove	bandz
remove	bath tub mat
remove	cake carrier
remove	light filter
remove	backrest
remove	baking set
remove	buggyboard extender kit
remove	book set
remove	hair accessory
remove	baby shusher
remove	bonzband
remove	beach ball
remove	bumper set
remove	breast petal
remove	bible taboo
remove	bow
remove	bakeware
remove	bathroom set
remove	colored pencil
remove	car footie
remove	golf cart bag
remove	hair dresser
remove	bungee
remove	boot
remove	bathing drape
remove	bubber bucket
remove	burrow bunny
remove	body mist
remove	glimmer studio
remove	balloon seat
remove	bubble launcher
remove	branch
remove	baby radio
remove	gum cleanser
remove	bowling toy
remove	bracelet maker
remove	bottle caddy
remove	butterfly
remove	charge base
remove	bounder
remove	bottle keeper
remove	big tab
remove	character frame
remove	sling
remove	booster carry case
remove	bible blurt
remove	booster pod
remove	baby tub
remove	hair elastic
remove	body art kit
remove	lighting
remove	blind box
remove	car rack
remove	butt powder
remove	bi-plane
remove	leaf blower
remove	bead ring
remove	cast and sound kit
remove	bracelet maker clipboard
remove	boudoir
remove	light
remove	goldieblox
remove	bubble marker
remove	candy machine
remove	gorilla
remove	batting glove
remove	bowser
remove	bioliners
remove	bath hammock
remove	buffalo
remove	balloon
